can your hearing aid do this lyric and
lyric can lyric can lyric by Phonak is
the world's only twenty four seven one
hundred percent invisible hearing device
it's tiny but lyrics not just about what
you can't see it's about what it can do
lyric can be worn 24-7 for up to four
months without battery changes
incredibly easy to live with Lera can be
worn showering sleeping and exercising
in fact you might forget it's there at
all call one eight hundred 280 2030 for
a risk-free trial and you'll see lyric
can also give you exceptionally clear
natural sound and quiet and noisy
environments because of how it works
with your ears own Anatomy until you
experience the kind of hearing you get
with the lyric you really don't
appreciate how much sound you're missing
the sound quality that the natural
sounds I heard sounds I hadn't heard in
years there's absolutely no way anyone
could see it even if they get right up
to my ear then you forget they're there
there's nothing to do I don't even know
I have them in completely invisible are
the only ones that can go in that far
and stay there my cell phone works now
my home phone works now I can talk on
other people's phones but I don't have
to worry about it being in my ear taking
it out or losing at her changing the
batteries wake up go to sleep showering
running all your activities did you know
ninety-four percent of people who use
lyric would recommend lyric to a friend
or loved one can your hearing aid do all
this lyric can to learn more about
lyrics advanced technology call one
eight hundred to 80 20 30 or visit trial
lyric calm for a risk-free 30-day trial
offer you'll also get a free
informational DVD and brochure why wait
here today what a little lyric can do
for you lyric from Phonak life is on